Make the docs clearer for new contributors (#5874)
rust-lang/rust-clippy: doc/basics.md

rustup override set master
```

**Note:** You may get compiler errors when building Clippy, even if you
didn't change anything. That's because, as mentioned earlier, Clippy
depends on rustc internals. There is [discussion][nightly-build-issue]
on ways to make sure that rustc does not break Clippy in the future

> so that Clippy always builds.

Author: Should we mention that this is called a tool breakage and link to forge docs?

Reviewer: No, this is different from classic tool breakages.

Author: Hmm, I guess I didn't realize that. Are there docs that talk about the differences between classic tool breakages and clippy tool breakages?

Reviewer: Yeah, see https://rustc-dev-guide.rust-lang.org/contributing.html#external-dependencies-subtree and the following section.

TL;DR: Clippy breakages will never appear in nightlies delivered with rustups, so they aren't user facing.

Author: So when there's an internal breaking change, clippy is updated in rust-lang/rust, but then has to be brought over to this repository (rust-lang/rust-clippy)?

Reviewer: Yes, exactly.

> **Note:** You may get compiler errors when building Clippy, even if you
> didn't change anything. That's because, as mentioned earlier, Clippy
> depends on rustc internals. There is [discussion][nightly-build-issue]
> on ways to make sure that rustc does not break Clippy in the future
> so that Clippy always builds.
> 
> [nightly-build-issue]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/issues/5561
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note:_ Sometimes you may get compiler errors when building Clippy, even if you
didn't change anything. Normally those will be fixed by a maintainer in a few hours. 

```

and put it in front of the code block, so you don't need to mention the internals again.

Also the issue is not relevant for beginners.

rustup override set master
```

> _Note:_ Sometimes you may get compiler errors when building Clippy, even if you

Author: This is a nit, but should I bold this and the other note lower down (so **Note:** instead of _Note:_) to match `CONTRIBUTING.md`?

Reviewer: Normally we have _Note:_ in our docs. the note in the CONTRIBUTING.md file is an exception. So this is fine.,
